feat(lambda): support Principal conditions in Permission (#14674)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/README.md

myRole.addManagedPolicy(ManagedPolicy.fromAwsManagedPolicyName("service-role/AWSLambdaVPCAccessExecutionRole")); // only required if your function lives in a VPC
```

## Resource-based Policies

AWS Lambda supports resource-based policies for controlling access to Lambda
functions and layers on a per-resource basis. In particular, this allows you to
give permission to AWS services and other AWS accounts to modify and invoke your

> resources. You can also restrict permissions given to AWS services by providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lambda functions. You can also restrict permissions given to AWS services by providing
```
